TO: LEONIDAS MOUSTAKAS
FROM: AARON BUNCH
SUBJECT: WEEKLY REPORT (5/4 - 5/11)
DATE: May 11, 2015
CC: ANDREW ROMERO-WOLF

The following progress has been made on the GalSim code:
	   
	a. Bugs described in the last report have been resolved (see part 1. e. of last week's report).
	
	b. Run-time has been reduced from ~1 min per image to ~1 second per image.  The source of the
	   problem is the fact that de Vaucouleurs and Sersic profiles have broad tails that GalSim
	   computes to infinity, if you let it.  But you can also specify a 'truncation radius' for
	   these profiles.  Setting the truncation radius to 10 arcseconds reduces the run-time to ~1
	   second per image.  Truncation radius has been included as a parameter for these profiles in
	   the object parameter tables.
	   
	c. The Sersic profile is now supported in the object parameter tables.
	
	d. I have a rough algorithm that converts relative magnitudes to flux values.  It is probably
	   incorrect as it stands.  It takes the following steps:
	   
	   - solve the relative magnitude equation for luminosity, which I suppose gives a value in
	     units of [erg/s].
	   - convert from [erg/s] to [J/s]
	   - find the energy of a photon at the filter wavelength using E = hc/lambda
	   - convert luminosity to photons/s (= luminosity/energy per photon)
	   - get the total photons by multiplying the photon rate by the exposure time
	   - I am using this value (total photons) for the flux
	   
	   This is probably incorrect, but it gives values of the right magnitude for the GalSim
	   flux parameter.
	   
	e. I am using Andrew's data table of HE0435-1223 magnitudes to generate the simulated FITS
	   files.  I cannot find Chris' table of simulated magnitudes on the repository.  I will contact
	   Chris about this.  Although Andrew's table is not simulated (they are the real values), it
	   can still demonstrate the functionality of my code.
	
Still to do:

     1. Create a movie of all 300 FITS files produced with Andrew's data table.
     2. Calculate and write CRVAL1, CRVAL2, CRPIX1, CRPIX2 to the headers of the FITS files.
     3. Simulate the changing background flux.
     4. Contact Chris to find his simulated data table.
     5. Refine/correct the magnitude-to-flux algorithm as necessary.
