TO: LEONIDAS MOUSTAKAS
FROM: AARON BUNCH
SUBJECT: WEEKLY REPORT (5/11 - 5/18)
DATE: May 18, 2015
CC: ANDREW ROMERO-WOLF

I submitted my second Progress Report to the Education Office today.  All that is left is a Final
Report and a Final Presentation before my internship ends on June 2 (two weeks from tomorrow!).

The GalSim code now outputs a folder of FITS files, a single FITS data cube containing all of the
images, a folder of PNG files, and an animated GIF of the first 100 images.
	
	a. The data cube is useful for viewing in SAO DS9.  DS9 will cycle through the individual
	   frames, which is kind of an animation.  DS9 will also create a movie from the frames, if you
	   have the right version of DS9 (my version would not do it).
	   
	b. The PNG files were created to make the GIF animation.  The PNG files are also easier to
	   browse than the FITS images.  (The Mac Finder window will preview them for you.)  And the PNG
	   files can easily be inserted into presentations, reports, etc.
	   
	c. The GIF animation was created with ImageMagick from the PNG files.  I had intended to use DS9
	   to make the movie, but that functionality is not available on my version of DS9.

Difficulties:

	a. Creating the GIF animation raised an error after 190 frames:  'Too many files open'.  So I
	   put only 100 frames in the GIF.  I will see if there is a way around this error.  Perhaps
	   there is a way to close the files while making the animation.
	   
	b. As it stands, the names of the quasar images ('A', 'B', 'C', 'D') need to be hard-coded.  If
	   we change the image names for a different project (say, to 'Q', 'R', 'S'), we would need to
	   change those names at one place in the code.  This is not ideal.  I will look for ways to
	   avoid hard-coding the names.
	   
	c. The magnitude-to-counts converter uses hard-coded values for the average filter wavelength,
	   the zero-point, and the quantum efficiency of the CCD.  These values should be read from a
	   file -- perhaps from the observational parameters file?
	
Still to do:

    a. Refine the magnitude-to-counts converter as necessary.  (Look at Andrew's code for this.)
    
    b. Read the average filter wavelength, zero-point, and quantum efficiency from the observational
       parameters file.
       
    c. Avoid hard-coding the names of the quasar images.
    
    d. Find a way to create an animation with all 300 images without raising an error:  'Too many
       files open'.
       
    e. Perhaps combine all object parameters (both reference objects and the quasar images) into a
       single parameter file.  I am not sure it is necessary to sort them into two different files.
