TO: LEONIDAS MOUSTAKAS
FROM: AARON BUNCH
SUBJECT: WEEKLY REPORT (4/27 - 5/4)
DATE: May 4, 2015
CC: ANDREW ROMERO-WOLF

1. LCOGT field trip.

	Last Friday, Andrew, Chris and I had a nice field trip to see Todd and Curtis at the LCOGT
	offices in Santa Barbara.  After a tour of the facilities and lunch, Chris gave his
	end-of-semester talk.  I benefitted from the comments he received, since I will be giving a
	similar talk in about a month.  In the afternoon, we outlined the next steps of the LCOlens
	project with Todd and Curtis.

2. GalSim code:

	a. After talking with Curtis and Andrew in Santa Barbara, I revised the GalSim code to store the
	   object parameters in astropy tables.  (Instead of in dictionaries, which were not well suited
	   for the task.)  The code is much more elegant now.
	   
	b. Objects are now located by their full HMS DMS coordinates, instead of by relative coords.
	   I also wrote a utility function that takes a full HMS DMS reference coordinate and a list of
	   relative coordinates, and returns the full HMS DMS coordinates of all objects.
	
	c. The code now writes the Modified Julian Date and Exposure Time to the header of the FITS
	   files.  In Santa Barbara, Todd mentioned other parameters that should be added to the
	   headers:  CRVAL1, CRVAL2, CRPIX1, CRPIX2.
	   
	d. A test run was performed with lists of flux values, modified julian dates, and exposure times
	   inserted into the code for each of the four quasar images.  The code took 11 minutes to
	   produce a batch of 8 FITS files (25 x 25 pixels each).  This was surprising and alarming to
	   Curtis and Andrew, who thought the code should not take more than a second per image.  I need
	   to understand why the code takes so long to run, and how that run-time can be minimized.
	   
	e. The test run revealed one bug in the code that still needs to be fixed.  I set the fluxes
	   so that in each frame one image should be brighter than the others -- the bright image should
	   circle around the cross clockwise:  A --> B --> C --> D.  Instead, A is bright.  Then A and B
	   are both bright.  Then A, B, C are all bright, etc.  So I need to figure out why it is doing
	   this.
	
Still to do:

     1. Debug the code to fix the problem from the test run.  (Explained above in part 1. e.)
     2. Calculate and write CRVAL1, CRVAL2, CRPIX1, CRPIX2 to the headers of the FITS files.
     3. Figure out why the code takes so long to run.  Try to minimize run time.
     4. Add additional profile types [Sersic, etc.] and their required parameters.
     5. Integrate the output from Chris' light-curve simulations.
     6. Simulate the changing background flux.
